update get_files to update jobs table directly (#2658)
ASFHyP3/hyp3: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/),
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [10.0.1]

### Changed

> - `get_files` now directly updates the `files`, `logs`, `browse_images`, `thumbnail_images`, and `expiration_time`
>   fields in the Jobs table, rather than returning those values to be updated later by the `JOB_SUCCEEDED` or
>   `JOB_FAILED` step. Resolves SRG_TIME_SERIES jobs with a large number of inputs exceeding the AWS Lambda response
>   payload quota of 256 KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `get_files` now directly updates the `files`, `logs`, `browse_images`, `thumbnail_images`, and `expiration_time` fields in the Jobs table, rather than returning those values to be updated later by the `JOB_SUCCEEDED` or `JOB_FAILED` step. Resolves `SRG_TIME_SERIES` jobs with a large number of inputs exceeding the [256 KiB maximum output size for a Step Functions state](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/step-functions/latest/dg/service-quotas.html).
```
